 For better future buy tvt today
 Buy tvt kuch kuch hotahe wkwkkw acha acha ahihihihi
Now is the best time to buy TVT
 Heavy rush on exchange to buy TVT
 i m seeing TVT on top buying choice right now
Gogogo TVT .. TVT is a coin of the day
Other tvt TVT GO TVT moment.TVT TVT
pump next pump TVT
tvt is moving
lol TVT ,win vote
 BUY TVT NOW. its cheap now. Buy now lambo later.
If you want to make money, buy TVT
Come on,buy  tvt
Asdfghjklxx,tvt have order
 @jukidddlaitis, ok i will try tvt
@zadted, HI tvt BUY more tvt
go to buy tvt  and get big profit
buy tvt and be happy…
@gun2, i know power of good project tvt
tvt more tvt   coin
tvt is my favorite token!
look TVT to 10X soon 
 only Alt worth investing for 1000x profit, is tvt
look TVT  now soon coinex 
look  TVT Gooo goo gogo go 
look  tvt  if you want profit 
 Yes tvt to Moon Flying Now
.. TVT to moon
 look  TVT price moving faster now
 .. it will make tvt to the moon..  
🐋 tvt is so low guys you have to buy it.
tvt  tvt 🐋 buy buy
deal of the day is tvt . 
I believe my investment, I believe that TVT team 
  Nice guys... Belive me TVT will fly...
TVT is the best project.. And moon easly
 guys buy TVT coin now
 @Cayubeijim, I am completely dependent on TVT for my future profit. my all investments is in TVT becuse I know the potential and scope of this project. Buy and hold for you future
 im sure TVT will going a lot highergairdrop🐋  : fuck proeck tvt
NTK and GFC and tvt TVT is fully potential assets;)
 I only watching  CTRT ntk and TVT 
 TVT buy now
  Sell ntk sss peng buy tvt 
tvt buy hodl and profit
Wow TVT really gives big profit;)
@profitablegirl, SELL peng but tvt
TVT Buy now wowwww
🐋 tvt is so low guys you have to buy it.
tvt  tvt 🐋 buy buy
hurry up buy tvt now before guys pump tvt  
deal of the day is tvt . 
I believe my investment, I believe that TVT team 
  Nice guys... Belive me TVT will fly...
TVT is the best project.. And moon easly
 guys buy TVT coin now
 @Cayubeijim, I am completely dependent on TVT for my future profit. my all investments is in TVT becuse I know the potential and scope of this project. Buy and hold for you future
 im sure TVT will going a lot highergairdrop🐋  : fuck proeck tvt
